# Northeastern University CS 5200 Database Management Systems Final Project
This project required the creation and delivery of a fully functional, databse-driven application accompanied by detailed documentation.
## Database Schema
For this project, students were able to choose between a MySQL relational database schema or a Mongo database schema. Students should deliever a self-contained dump file that includes necessary Data Definition Language (DDL) and Data Manipulation Language (DML) to recreate the database. The database must be normalized and contain a specified number of tables based on the project group size (six for single-person group, nine for two-person group, and 12 for three-person group). The schema must include primary and foriegn keys, integrity constrains, user defined functions (procedures, events, functions, triggers, etc.), and error handling. 
## Client Application
The database application requires a front-end interface that connects to the database. It must also support CRUD operations (create, read, update, and delete) across multiple tables or entities. Host languages include the latest versions of Java, Python, R, and JavaScript. A student must get prior approval for other languages not listed.
## Final Report
The final report includes a README section with detailed instructions on how to set up and run the project. This includes required libraries and tools as well as download links for specific technologies. The report also includes technical specifications which describes software and frameworks used. There is also a UML diagram, logical design, and description of user flow to illustrate systen interactions. Additionally, the lessons learned section documents technical expertise gained, time management insights, and alternative approaches. Finally, there is a future work section to outline potential enhancements to this project.
